recipe detail product  customization (#26)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailProduct.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> ### product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Product
```

Product has three sub-templates : 

> - **success** : state when data is loaded from back end
> - **loading** : still fetching data 
> - **ignored** : product won't be fetched 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **success** : State when data is loaded from back end
- **loading** : Still fetching data 
- **ignored** : Product will not be shown or added to basket (yet ingredient is still shown)

```

```kotlin
products {
    success  {
        view = MyCustomRecipeDetailProductSuccess()
    }
    loading {
        view = MyCustomRecipeDetailProductLoading()
    }
    ignore {
        view = MyCustomRecipeDetailProductIgnore()
    }
}
```

> #### success
> 
> To create your own recipe detail product success template you have to create class that implement `ProductSuccess`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Success

To create your own recipe detail product success template you create a class that implements `ProductSuccess`
```

 data class ProductSuccessParameters(
    val productName: String, // name of product in your referential
    val productBrand: String, 
    val productQuantity: Int, // quantity of product
    val productCapacityVolume: String, // packaging quantity (200g )
    val productUnit: String, // example "g" for "grammes"
    val unitPrice: Double,  // example 12.058
    val formattedUnitPrice: String, // example 12.05€
    val productImage: String, 
    val ingredientName: String, // name of ingredient in our recipe
    val ingredientQuantity: String, // required quantity in our recipe
    val ingredientUnit: String, // unit in our recipe
    val guestsCount: MutableStateFlow<Int>, // number of shares
    val defaultRecipeGuest: Int, // if guestsCount is empty
    val numberOfRecipeConcernsByProduct: Int, 
    val isLocked: Boolean, // if true you must disable any button on template
    val isSponsored: Boolean, // if true product is a sponsored one
    val isInBasket: Boolean, //  if true product is in basket
    val ean: String,
    val replaceProduct: () -> Unit,
    val ignoreProduct: () -> Unit,
    val addProduct: () -> Unit,
    val updateProductQuantity: (Int) -> Unit
)
```

> #### loading
> 
> To create your own recipe detail product loading template you have to create class that implement `ProductLoading`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Loading

To create your own recipe detail product loading template you create a class that implements `ProductLoading`
```

                    horizontalArrangement = Arrangement.SpaceEvenly,
                    verticalAlignment = Alignment.Bottom
                ) {
                    Spacer(
                        modifier = Modifier
                            .height(25.dp)
                            .width(60.dp)
                            .clip(RoundedCornerShape(100))
                            .background(brush = brush)
                    )
                    Spacer(
                        modifier = Modifier
                            .height(32.dp)
                            .width(150.dp)
                            .clip(RoundedCornerShape(100))
                            .background(brush = brush)
                    )
                    Spacer(
                        modifier = Modifier
                            .height(48.dp)
                            .width(48.dp)
                            .clip(RoundedCornerShape(20.dp))
                            .background(brush = brush)
                    )
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

with 

```kotlin
object ProductLoadingParameters
```

> #### ignored 
> 
> To create your own recipe detail product ignore template you have to create class that implement `ProductIgnore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Ignored 

To create your own recipe detail product ignore template you create a class that implements `ProductIgnore`
```
